HaSeul: Hi, I'm HaSeul of LOOΠΔ.
HeeJin: Don't mute our voices~
HeeJin: We'll just talking without showing our faces!
HaSeul: (Leader is back!) No. Not today!
(Because today is a day for Yves, the ninth member of LOOΠΔ!)
HaSeul: Yves' day!
HeeJin: Right! Yves' day~
HeeJin: And it's Yves' eve day~
(What...? HeeJin, are you serious?)
(HeeJin looks like she's regretting...)
HeeJin: Please give a lot of love to Yves!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Yves - new"
Yves: Hello~
'Do you think you did a good job?'
Yves: Yes, but it's a little difficult.
(Taking selfies after doing a photo shoot. It's a shooting system of LOOΠΔ!)
'I'm sure you are good at taking selfies'
Yves: No. I'm really bad at it!
(She is taking selfies for a long time!)
Yves: Yeah, it's not easy.
(And then she is taking selfies for a long time again!)
Yves: (Happily) It's hard!